Static de jure (#1065)
ParadoxGameConverters/ImperatorToCK3: ImperatorToCK3/Data_Files/configurables/static_landed_titles.txt

﻿################

> # Instructions #

Reviewer: Much appreciated! 😄

################
# If dejure generation is set to static, titles defined in this file will carve themselves out of the vanilla 00_landed_titles.txt
#
# New titles can be created
# e_new = { k_england = {} } # is a new empire containing only the vanilla kingdom of england
#
# Existing titles can be assigned new vassals. Existing titles will retain old vassals, unless another title in this file claims it.
# e_britannia = { k_england = { d_brittany = {} } } # gives the duchy of brittany to the existing kingdom of england
#

> # Defining k_ or d_ titles outside of their hierarchy will delete any dejure relationship above them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Defining k_ or d_ titles outside of their hierarchy will delete any de jure relationship above them
```

> # k_england = {} # removes england from the empire of britannia, and now has no dejure empire

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# k_england = {} # removes england from the empire of britannia, and now has no de jure empire
```

> # d_lancaster = {} # removes lancaster from england, giving lancaster no dejure kingdom or empire, england remains in britannia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# d_lancaster = {} # removes lancaster from england, giving lancaster no de jure kingdom or empire, england remains in britannia
```

#

> # new e_ and k_ titles must have thier capital county set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# new e_ and k_ titles must have their capital county set
```
